This lab will exercise your understanding of some of the 
concepts covered in Chapter10:  passing a structure by reference and by value; header files;
                                creating a project

READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY TO GET FULL VALUE FROM THE PRACTICE.

This exercise will have you extend the lab performed in part I.  Using the code in part I of
this lab:

1. Create a function to INPUT the information for the movie.  Pass the empty structure in
   as a parameter.
   
2. Create a function to OUTPUT the information in the structure.  Pass the filled structure
   in as a parameter.
   
3. Place the ENUM definition, STRUCTURE definition, and FUNCTION prototypes in a HEADER FILE (*.h).
   Remove those definitions from the main program and include your header file in the main program
   file.  DECLARE the STRUCTURE VARIABLE as a LOCAL (not global) variable in the main program.
   
4. Create a new console project using Dev-C++ or Codeblocks.  Add your code file (*.cpp) and header file (*.h)
   to the project.  When you compile the project, it is best to have the main code file as the
   active tab.
   

     
If you like to include the following line of code:  system("pause");
You MAY need to:  #include <cstdlib>

Complete as much as you can before you submit ensuring what you've completed compiles.  You do not have to correctly
solve the coding exercise, however, you MUST include code that ATTEMPTS to solve the problem to get credit.

The program may be named any name of your choice and must have a .cpp extention.  Do NOT include
spaces in program names; variables may be any name of your choice.

You DO NOT have to comment these programs, however, please include your NAME as a comment in ALL code files.

SUBMIT the code file only (*.cpp). 

The program MUST compile and run and to get credit. 

You MAY zip the files and submit the zipped files.

MUST be submitted before end of class unless otherwise stated.

Questions will be entertained; solution may be discussed in class. This is a collaborative effort to provide examples
and practice for your understanding.
